in today's video we will go through the
events of 2021's horror thriller wrong
turn
spoilers ahead you have been warned make
sure to give this video a thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
scott shaw's daughter jen shaw has been
missing for six weeks now
scott arrives in a town nearby from
where jen had contacted him last
first he goes to the police but with
little to no help he arrives at the
hotel jen had stayed at to inquire
but doesn't get any answers from them as
well he then goes around the town's pub
where he meets a strange man
who tells him to give up searching for
her six weeks earlier
jen and her boyfriend darius couples
adam and milla and gary and louise come
to a small town in rural virginia to
hike
they stayed at a hotel whose owner tells
jen not to go off the trail while hiking
that night they go to a pub where they
meet a stranger the man gets into an
argument with the group
when they are outside someone is
standing near their vehicle
adam throws a bottle at him and the man
disappears the group doesn't think much
of it
the following day jen goes for a run on
her way she sees a woman selling
handmade bracelets and buys one
the woman's daughter named ruthie is
there too later the group leaves for the
hike
on their way back darius suggests there
is a civil war fort somewhere nearby
he wants to visit it jenna is doubtful
of the idea but darius convinces her
but they do not reach the destination
even after walking for hours
when they decide to go back to the trail
a massive log of wood rolls down the
hill towards them
the group runs down the hill to save
their lives the log hits gary
and he dies in the accident the rest of
them are injured too
luis blames darius for bringing them to
the trail he is
devastated finally they decide to leave
and send back help when they reach the
town
as they walk through the woods at night
it starts to rain the group
is now lost they decide to camp there
for the night
when they wake up in the morning milla
has disappeared all of their phones are
gone too
adam goes to search for milla in the
woods the rest of them follow him
while they are at it a chain pulls on
adam's leg and drags him into a trap
hole on the ground
others try to get him out but retreat
after they see a snake in there too
the group decides to look for help they
reach a building containing several
belongings of people who had come to the
mountain
just then they hear footsteps outside
two
horrifying looking men donned in
primitive clothing and wearing elk and
deer skulls have restrained adam
and are taking him somewhere the group
jumps in to save adam
the men talk in a foreign language and
try to have a conversation with them
but the group doesn't understand then
adam comes back to consciousness
and hits one of the men on his head with
a woodlog when the man falls he hits him
continuously finally killing him
the other man has disappeared just then
milla comes out of the woods
she had seen the same man and hidden in
the woods jen blames adam for killing
the man for nothing
they decide to tell that to no one the
group then continues to find a way out
of the mountain
but darius gets in a hunting trap and is
hit by a spiky log
they treat his wound and continue the
journey luis is behind the rest of the
group and is abducted by one of the wild
men
then the men surround the group adam
loses control and starts to run away
miller goes behind him when darris and
jen notice the men
they run in a different direction they
hide in a cave
but are abducted meanwhile miller falls
into a trap while running behind adam
she is impaled on sharpened tree
branches her whole body is injured
adam comes back to save her but runs
away after seeing her condition
milla begs for him to come back but he
doesn't instead a wild man is there
as she begs him to save her the man
strikes her with an arrow and kills
milla
the following day jen wakes up in a pit
she is in her undergarments and her
hands are tied
she screams for help when the lady she
met while running in the town removes
the pit's cover
her name is edith she warns jen to be
quiet
sometime later the cover opens again
they give her some food and water and
allow her to come up
the rest of the group is there too they
put a sack on all of their heads
and take them to their civilization many
people and houses surround them
finally they stop when they are inside a
cave-like place
they are made to kneel to a throne the
head of the group
venable enters the place this is his
court and the group is there as
criminals for trial
one of the man named hobbs says he had
seen the group in the town
he was the one near the group's car that
night at the pub someone else named
morgan says that adam had killed his
brother
he and his brother samuel had found adam
in one of their hunting traps
he was injured so the duo decided to
help him when they encountered the group
but then adam had woken up and killed
samuel
venable asks jen if what morgan was
saying is true but she denies the claim
then they asked the little girl ruthie
about samuel's murderer
she points in adam again jen tries to
argue that it was self-defense but
venable dismisses her
adam is sentenced to death he loses
control
somehow managing to free his hands from
the rope he takes ruthie hostage
he threatens everyone to let him go but
ruthie stabs his legs and frees herself
the rest of the group is then sentenced
to darkness they cover their heads again
and take them outside
jen darius and luis are made to kneel
while adam is laid down in front of them
according to the rule of the foundation
one who has murdered
has to be killed in a similar way he has
committed his crime
venable stands in front of adam with the
same log adam used to kill samuel
venable then hits him on his head
several times to finally kill him
the rest of the group is mortified now
it is their turn to get punished
those who are punished to darkness get
their eyes poked with a hot knife
and put into a dark prison with little
to no food venable successfully blinds
luis
but when it comes to darius jen starts
blabbering about how he could be helpful
to their community
darius works in a non-profit which helps
to build sustainable homes and
neighborhoods to be self-sufficient
jen convinces venable to let darius help
them and their community
but he asks jen what she can do for
their community jen
offers herself she is healthy and can
breed children
the foundation accepts her offer venable
warns them that they will end up in the
cave with others if they do not
contribute
the people there accept them happily jen
is taken to a room when she realizes
that
she is the wife of venable now his
former wife had died a year ago
now jen and darius owe their life to the
foundation
back home jen's father scott is worried
about his daughter
she hasn't called him for weeks jen's
stepmother tells him to focus on their
sons instead
after six weeks of jen not calling him
scott decides to go to the town
searching for her
but the people of the town are of no
help even the police dismiss his
concerns
scott is at the pub when the hotel's
owner reggie joins him
she tells him she is sorry about his
daughter and her friends but he should
give up now
anyone who goes to the mountain never
comes back this
intrigues scott he is finally getting
valuable information
she tells him about the people living in
the mountains they are called the
foundation
everyone in the town knows about them
but no one dares to talk
the foundation started in 1859 when a
few dozen people from the town fled to
the mountains to protect their way of
living
they feared the collapse of america and
when that happened their main goal was
to build a new america with their
foundation in the center
they abduct anyone who disrupts their
way of living
when scott leaves to go to his hotel
room many drunk men from the pub beat
him
they want him gone from the town because
they think he will rupture the peace
scott aids his injuries and the next day
leaves for the mountain
reggie tells him to reconsider his idea
but scott is ready to risk his life for
his daughter
reggie then takes him to two other men
of the town they offer to help him
because they are sick of the foundation
too
ed is reggie's nephew and a hunter ed
and his son leave for the mountains with
scott
in their way ed sees a hunter's trap as
they examine it he
falls into another trap a huge log with
spikes falls onto them
both ed and his son are killed luckily
scott manages to survive
he continues the search and finally
reaches the community of the foundation
he sneaks in slowly but is caught by the
people darius stands in front of him
scott asks him for help but darius
doesn't respond then an arrow shoots
scott on his shoulder
his own daughter jen has shot it the
foundation has brainwashed both darius
and jen
they are a part of it now venable
sentences scott to life in darkness for
trespassing
scott asks jen for help but she says
that she is not his daughter anymore
that night venable and jen are on his
bed when he asks her if she feels sad
for her dad
but she dismisses it and seduces venable
later at night she sneaks out of the
room and to her dad
she had posed to shoot him with an arrow
to save both of them if she had shown
mercy for him the foundation would have
killed her too
jen gets him out of the trap and rushes
to get darius but darius refuses to go
with her
according to him he has found his people
and wants to live with them for the rest
of his life
she kisses darius goodbye and runs away
to the dark room to get luis
one of the men sees her there but jen
shoots him dead the cave-like room is
pitch black and is filled with prisoners
that have been sentenced to darkness
they are incredibly malnourished she
finds luis in a corner and shoots him
dead
out of mercy when they come out of the
cave the men have found them
ruthie helps them escape the community
they run through the woods while being
followed by the foundation
edith attacks the duo jen kills her as
well
finally scott carries jen out of the
woods both of them
are heavily injured the men from the
town earlier point their guns at them
but they are there to help they hate the
foundation for taking their relatives
all of them fight the people together
and leave the place in a car
a few months later jen is back to normal
she lives happily with her father's
stepmother and two brothers
but one day she comes to her house to
find venables sitting at the dining
table with ruthie
her family is there too jen is also
pregnant with venable's child
she tells him that she will go back with
him to the foundation if he promises to
leave her family alone
he then takes her outside and sits her
in an rv vehicle with other men of the
foundation
as they drive away we see the car swerve
and get into an accident
two of the men run outside jen runs
after them and stabs both of them to
death
ruthie comes out of the vehicle the
movie ends as we see jen
and ruthie walking back to their home
together
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries